chore: bumped to 1.7.2 (#76)
fauna/vscode: CHANGELOG.md

# Change Log

## 1.7.2

> - Comments syntax fix: use "//" instead of "#"
> - Proper check for qraphql document for uploadGraphqlSchema command
> - Added graphql domain setting

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Revised comment syntax to use `//` instead of `#`.
- Improved GraphQL file type check for the `uploadGraphqlSchema` command.
- Added GraphQL domain configuration item.
```

Author: thanks for the suggestion!
